---
published: true
title: XXX
---
Bring Down the House 

Calling anyone who think America’s position in the world at the moment is not what it could be, should be, promised to be. An emblem of positivity, prosperity, equality…first and foremost, hope…hope that there is something we can, without falsity, call The United States of America.  
**America was built on slavery, the idea of equality was 3/5ths hollow from the outset, and yet, the words still stand, the land and the law are still here. 

Here is the situation: President, Donald Trump. Vice President, Mike Pence. Congress is controlled by interests which undermine the interests of the population, worldwide. 

Those who want to see the current regime out of office could band together and conduct a calculated move against the establishment. Trump is impeachable, and if he’s not, avoiding impeachment could be the full-time occupation of his presidency. His campaign’s likely ties to the Russian government should be explored more, along with his finances, and every other “high misdemeanor” which could be construed as grounds for impeachment. 

The population is leaving it to the snail-like bureaucracy and government controlled interests of the FBI and CIA to do this…which is counterintuitive to the profound desire for change exhibited by the loudest voices in society, mostly because it gives the White House time to react. Change lies in the hands of the people. The records are out there, the information is available to those who either have direct access or know how to gather the intellectual capital to gain entry, whether through technological means or otherwise.

The danger in impeachment is the Vice-President. Mike Pence has remained behind the scenes, and probably for good reasons. Personal attacks on Pence have been effective so far at driving him out of policy legitimacy beyond the red-dense states he already has a controlling reputation in. However, he is still privy to major decisions and briefings in the White House, so a step into the presidency could be disastrous for anyone who isn’t on the far, far right of the political spectrum. 

It’s unlikely that Pence is impeachable on grounds of collusion with the Russian government. That blame lies mostly with the core of Trump’s ever-diminishing circle. Rather than getting to him through impeachment, a more effective way to control Pence is the upcoming opportunity the country has to surround him with Democrats, and by extension, a Republic of Democracy.