---
published: true
title: 'The Value of A Free Idea '
---
##Cryptocurrency FUD
#Fear, Uncertainty, Doubt

Cryptocurrency is one of the few phenomena in the financial world that came purely from the will of the people. It is evident from the astonishing increase in the number of currencies, market cap, and social capital surrounding cryptocurrency that the world has spoken as one: finance will change to reflect a desire for freedom and privacy. However, what cryptoheads call FUD, or Fear/Uncertainty/Doubt, is what stands in the way of a full spectrum adoption of Bitcoin and its offspring. The FUD is mainly a result of four barriers: government regulation, scandal, fear of volatility, and general poor knowledge on how to properly invest in these newer, non-government backed currencies. Together, these factors generate vicious instability, the main garlicclove investors face. 

Overall, cryptocurrency is not the path of least resistance for the average investor looking to secure their financial future. To the uneducated investor, the get rich quick stories seem like they mimick the path of someone who has won the lottery. Over and over, we hear the mantra: “it’s more luck than anything.”Either that, or "I could lose all my money." However, cryptocurrencies follow the same governing-laws of finance that any other investment does, from real estate to the piggy bank you may or may not keep. 

Value fluctuates based on market variables. 

Though I firmly believe in the value of the banking system (not the way banks have operated in the past), I believe society should invest in both centralized and decentralized finance. In other words, I believe flexibility is the key to the future. Take a look at the currency **Golem**, symbol **GNT**, for example. The idea behind it has untold potential. Whether the currency itself does, I can’t say. Its purpose could get eaten up by a larger currency. Either way, no matter how much the government regulates it (I’ll switch back to Bitcoin now), as long as individuals believe in its purpose it has value. Rather than getting caught up in the get-rich-quick scheme, we all have the option to take the middle road of backing a secondary form of finance which allows people to use the idea of money as it was meant to be used, avoiding the trap of sedentary markets which could fail at any moment and stepping into a level of liquidity that reunites citizens from every country under the flag of trade. Though government regulation is inevitable, there is no reason it should nullify the upward trend of cryptocurrencies. My conclusion: back Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, and Ripple, and if you have the financial freedom, don’t be afraid to take some small chances with other currencies. The same as everyone has 5 minutes to spare for meditation a day, most-everyone has 5 dollars to spare in their full-years budget. There are going to be a lot of ups and downs, but the future could be bright. 