---
published: true
title: <^>
---
America First, The Rest of the World Ahead (1/2)

There are enough resources in America to do anything. Anything. As quickly as can possibly be done. The willpower of the US has proven itself over and over. Take the Great War, World War II and the aftermath of both as prime examples. When America plants its feet at a justifiable ideological angle, the world stands with it. Here is the argument for placing America’s GDP against its own status quo instead of, as a National Geographic article pointedly depicted the problem with US resource allocation, towards interfering with the rest of the world.

Now, interference doesn’t always take a negative form. It can be something as benign, even positive as building toilets in developing communities in impoverished regions - something which dramatically changes the quality of living for the people that live there. Yet the facts prove that we are not a functioning country, and basic psychology indicates such attempts to enliven places it takes the face of American aid (namely movie stars and ex-politicians who’ve moved from the public to the private sphere) a first class seat on a Boeing jet to reach, are a form of responsibility displacement. 

While there is no excuse for leaving those without basic sanitation and other fundamentals of life without, the crux of the matter lies in the untapped potential of US residents and just what those individuals could do if the higher ups were to clean up the mess they’ve either allowed, created, or been a victim of here.
