---
published: true
title: 'NPR Story - The Taliban '
tags: politics
---
**Favorite quotes from the piece:**
**The Pakistani have responded with defiance.
This puts us between Iraq and a Hard Place.**

NPR posed the question: How should the United States react to the international relations conundrum that presented by the existence of the Taliban? The truth is we can’t know, and the more we deliberate over what we should do the more likely it is that the wrong party will find themselves able to push their agenda forward. 

One of the Taliban’s central objectives is to put an end to the United States using the Middle East as a political playground, including the discussion of “what should be done (what should the U.S. decide to do)” about the Middle East among policy makers and lay people alike. It’s not about the U.S. - what we like, what we here want, what we believe the *most* “sensible” approach is: deploy more hard power? Or is a “diplomatic” solution the more appropriate option? The incessant attempt to structure the nature of our actions through nitpicking at language is exactly the kind of geopolitical super-ego terrorist organizations seek to ensure retribution against. Again, it is not about what WE decide. The Middle East is not another territory to host a United States congressional convention upon. American commentators don’t have the right to determine how to MAKE anyone else’s existence function, it is an individual’s right to exist. 

An ever burgeoning number of pseudo-intellectuals hold a similar opinion - probably the same opinion when semantics are removed from the equation. So here’s where this piece will fall into the trap above laid out as the problem: proposing…not a solution, but something. A way? A way out? 

History tells us the most profound outcomes occur when we _give back_. To answer what giving back means in this context we have to consider what the Middle East has provided the United States. One fundamental answer we can derive is __energy_. Not just oil, but quite literally all of that which has been produced from the mental/literal diaspora of individuals related to the region labeled The Middle East. Those individuals, from Saudi Princes to doctors to the people who run the smoke shop nearest my house made the conscious decision to fuel their existence by fueling the United States of America. As an organized political entity (meaning there are mass exceptions to this statement), America reciprocated with fear and hatred. 

Now to the point, which only made itself clear to through a conversation with an Uber driver who was likely from Africa. Using the skillset from a two-year certificate, in addition to driving for Uber he works for a small company in the field of installing heating and cooling systems. He possessed incredible intelligence and eloquence under the mask of a foreign Uber driver, as much as many a college professor, combined with wisdom from beyond Western culture. While driving he was able to explain refrigeration to me better than any textbook could hope to. All of a sudden the idea came: instead of bombs or diplomacy, why not reciprocate with refrigerators. The ability to preserve food, a mental shortcut used to get to the conclusion: patronization through NGO’s, written/spoken contracts isn’t what the world needs. The world needs to build civilization together from the bottom up - individuals adopting humanity as a whole to provide whatever they can from their skillset for their extended circles, creating jobs, extending the power of human intelligence to world-wide realize the standard of living many who live in America take for granted. That is the only way humanity can move forward together to tackle larger issues such as space exploration, climate change, and human rights. 

We do not need to run for office. We do not need to play political games. We do not need to win money or power. We do not need to listen to the structures in place. We are the power. We are the money. We are the now, the future, and everything we need already. The people who care to see the world a better place for their children and all the other children versus the people who want to keep their heads in the dirt of the past. Defy the anti-individual. 
